README.md, before:

# Iris_Flower_Classification

![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit_learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![tensorflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white)
![Python 3.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7-blue.svg)

## Overview

This project demonstrates a simple neural network to classify iris flowers into three species based on sepal and petal measurements.

## 🚀 Quick Start

1.  **Clone the repository:**

    ```
    git clone [your_repo_url]
    cd iris-classification
    ```

2.  **Create a virtual environment:**

    ```
    python -m venv venv
    source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
    ```

3.  **Install dependencies:**

    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

4.  **Run the main script:**

    ```
    python Iris_flower_classification.py
    ```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

*   Python
*   Pandas
*   Scikit-learn
*   TensorFlow/Keras
*   Matplotlib

## 📂 File Structure

iris-classification/
├── src/ # Source code
│ ├── data_loading.py # Data loading and preprocessing
│ ├── model.py  # Model definition
│ ├── training.py  # Training logic
│ ├── evaluation.py  # Evaluation metrics
├── notebooks/  # Jupyter notebooks (exploration)
├── configs/  # Configuration files (YAML)
├── README.md  # Project overview
├── requirements.txt  # Dependencies
└── Iris_flower_classification.py  # Main entry point

text

Commit message:

modified:   Iris_flower_classification.py 	modified:   README.md 	new file:   iris.csv 	new file:   requirements.txt

README.md, after:

# Iris_Flower_Classification

![scikit-learn](https://img.shields.io/badge/scikit_learn-%23F7931E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=scikit-learn&logoColor=white)
![tensorflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-%23FF6F00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=TensorFlow&logoColor=white)
![Python 3.7](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3.7-blue.svg)

## Overview

This project demonstrates a simple neural network to classify iris flowers into three species based on sepal and petal measurements.

## 🚀 Quick Start

1.  **Clone the repository:**

    ```
    git clone [your_repo_url]
    cd iris-classification
    ```

2.  **Create a virtual environment:**

    ```
    python -m venv venv
    source venv/bin/activate  # On Windows: venv\Scripts\activate
    ```

3.  **Install dependencies:**

    ```
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

4.  **Run the main script:**

    ```
    python Iris_flower_classification.py
    ```

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

*   Python
*   Pandas
*   Scikit-learn
*   TensorFlow/Keras
*   Matplotlib

## 📂 File Structure

iris-classification/
├── src/ # Source code
│ ├── data_loading.py # Data loading and preprocessing
│ ├── model.py  # Model definition
│ ├── training.py  # Training logic
│ ├── evaluation.py  # Evaluation metrics
├── notebooks/  # Jupyter notebooks (exploration)
├── configs/  # Configuration files (YAML)
├── README.md  # Project overview
├── requirements.txt  # Dependencies
└── Iris_flower_classification.py  # Main entry point


## 📊 Results

The model achieves >90% accuracy on the test set.  See the generated plots for loss and accuracy curves.

## 📝 Notes

- Experiment with different hyperparameters in the `src/training.py` file.
- The dataset `iris.csv` should be in the same directory as `Iris_flower_classification.py`.
